>> Estelle Weyl: AlphaTransparency is
what we've been talking about so far,
which is changing the color, right?
Your color is not fully opaque.
And that is the color of
some foreground element.
So here we have, the color is black.
And then the background color
is some form of orange?
No, some form of blue.
I have no clue, cuz background-color
all looks white to me and so
I think I should have read border color.
And so I basically get more and
more transparent as I go by, but
it's actually the color
that's getting transparent.
The thing itself is still white, right?
Because if it wasn't white,
if the background color wasn't white,
fully opaque,
you'd see what was behind it.
When you have opacity,
it's actually the whole element
that is becoming transparent.
So here, the top one is opacity 1.
The second one is opacity 75%,
opacity 50%, opacity 25% and
the one that has opacity 0, you can't
see that there was a div there, at all.
Because the whole thing became fully the
opposite of opaque, which is transparent.
Here you still have the white,
because only the color of the shadow,
it should be shadow color.
And the color of the text
became transparent.
But you still have
the shadow on that text and
you still have the background
that is fully opaque.
Here the text, the shadow, the background,
all of it became transparent, because
the opacity was set on the element.
And everything went to transparent.
So that's the difference between
AlphaTransparency and opacity.
Which really doesn't make it that
much of a difference in your life,
until you get stuck on explaining
to someone, basically.
So AlphaTransparency tips,
transparent shadows are awesome.
Instead of using a value like CCC for
a gray shadow, or 999 which is
the one on the bottom, use something
like transparent RGBA with 0.3 or
0.2, because then you can
see stuff in the background.
Especially if it's over and image or
something with changing colors.
This looks completely artificial and
this looks very natural on top of stuff.